DOCS-5472: DBM AlwaysOn view (#18191)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/guide/heroku-postgres.md

  text: "Datadog Heroku Buildpack"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported for this site.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported on {{< region-param key=dd_datacenter >}}.</div>
```
Just a small QOL suggestion
